[Music] secret [Music]
messages song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a storm coming out of
mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday night bible study season 7
final season oh tonight you know what I'm goingon to do I'm GNA tell you what I'm going to do to you tonight I am
gonna take you I I'm going to take you back to the heart of Temple
practices to the very we're going to get in there right in there're going right
in the temple we're going to see what they're doing and you're going to be surprised you're gonna be surprised
what's going on in Judea you're gonna be surprised tonight on lady
Babylon
[Music]
okay we're going to professionally go somewhere we're going to expedite this we're going to by the time I'm done
talking we're going to be there we're going to be in that place place again where we're looking at the past and the
future and our present bubble bringing everything together but we're going to
do so with standards people standards I've been watching some new things coming out from popular people quoting
Creek Bible scholars people Bible scholars laughable
laughably if it weren't so moral [Music]
bankrupt yeah they do not honor the gods
they don't DK she's not there or she would insist that the museum be honored
that's what we're doing tonight and I smell the sulfur remember from the party we had last time we're going back we're
going back we're GNA see the Afterparty we're going to see Jesus
angry setting up his place taking his territory putting his foot down I'm the
man in this market you get your rotten stuff out of
here where the doves okay let's see him do it people I
want to see him pour that we're just going right to the text Ryan for anybody who's upset Oh but before let's purify
Ryan we got to purify this place I'm sorry almost forgot chewy looked at me and grunted there's a there's a dude
that needs welcoming Duma again where's Duma Alex purify this
[Music]
place
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] h
thank you thank you Alex appreciate it ah the Air's a lot clearer Love That
Let's get into the text now I'm taking this get ready get off the bus today put
on your dirty boots and your dirty pants bring the rough ones that you can rub
against the Rocks because today we've got to go deep into the one
Rock Bottom joint where you can get
service to get to the third and fourth Heavens that's where we're going we're
going to the cafe Temple at Jerusalem that's where we're going thank
you oh God it looks are you it's so nice to be with Jesus it's kind of like a
kind of like a curse to be stuck with him right but here we are here we are
we're going to go with him and remember where ever two or three of us are gathered in his name right poof he's
there with us it's his punishment fantastic didn't you know the
devil has control here don't give me your you guys don't know it right come
on satanic congregation flash this thing up here this is our first thing I just
want I'm going to translate this and this is for everybody out there a lot of people talking about knowing Greek not a
lot of people translating it so he stretched up on that hiss up he
stretched up stretched up to his mouth on high what did he stretch up he
stretched up that compound that compound oxu called o
sauce it's that stuff of Doom it's the o sauce of Doom oh wow
that's quite a thing he's put it's an antidote for the king I'm trying
lating what what's it an antidote for notice it's an antidote for that
sacramental bread that gives you the
vision it's thes pestic people it gives you the
vision remember we have an antidote it's a do antidote situation if
you're not using the antidote you have a problem right before Omnia can bring us
all of this we have to get it exactly right to resurrect lady
Babylon love it yes let's go back to the text yeah next
one please jwy hit us look at this people it's in
Luke what is he doing he goes into the temple
and he started to throw out everybody who's selling saying to them it's
written my house is the House of Prayer but
you you've made it a spion lay stone take it down oh
what what Jesus goes in the temple and starts hurling
accusations this is Gangster Chi think about what it takes to walk
into this place you must be a freak of nature how did Jesus how is he
convincing these people he's got a crowd of children with him he's what he's got
a crowd of children don't hang up now don't hang up now I'm gonna show you the
kids didn't you know that Jesus walked around with a troop of children they're child
prostitutes I'm going to show you the text and he brings them into the temple
they're causing rockus rockus they are taking over the
territory taking over the territory Jesus comes in what's he
say he says you've made this place you've turned this
place into Grotto of
leace a grotto of a lace a grotto
of people involved in drugs and sex trafficking
yeah wait a minute are you sure we yeah let's keep reading I'm just going to show it to you get a little graphic
you're going to love it you guys love this stuff dirty dirty people
Luke 19:45 and entering into the temple he started to thr these people and he's
saying to them it's written yes you're gonna make this place a spion gonna make it that Grotto next one
Chewy next one we've got to roll on we've got to roll on and he was
teaching right throughout the day in the temple now take it down for a second
we're going to look at it but how did Jesus get here right he got here with a cry
he got here with a crowd of kitties who are these kitties what are they doing
some of them are as young as three and four oh my God Jesus has a troop of
children yes I'll show you the Bible nobody reads the Bible anymore how come
it's such a shame you wanted this so much you wanted your golden book of
truth here it is enjoy it eat your meal
you deserve it let's go let's go so he's teaching all day in the temple and what
happens the dudes who are in charge and the people who are writing stuff
down they're looking for a way to kill him right but here's the problem here's
the problem the crowd is the oos they call it which is like a
disturbance you think of a crowd as a group of people at a concert no think more of
disturbance and the people who are running the operation in the temple of
Jerusalem get upset and what is their immediate
reaction well logically they start plotting to kill him does that make sense to you if Jesus
is the do gooder that you think he is if he just walks in with the Halo and he standing oh let's kill that
guy no he's taking over the territory he's kicking over the
tables right and what else is he prohibiting he's prohibiting something you say I didn't see this Almon in my
Bible children children
lambkins it's there in your Bible you need to know you need to know what all we adults
know now are you ready let's get ready for it because it's kind of makes you
nauseous let's go to the next next one please boom
oh sounds like somebody hope that's not just knock a just a minute please
hang [Music]
on I light just in case I'll bring the Stick of
lightning it's fun in the west that's the way it is um let's go you roll with
it did you see that somebody in the back of the Falcon there anyhoo let's go
please what's GNA happen here so his students are going around right and I
just want you to notice here it says the kids the kids are doing what he
orders the kids are doing what he orders
okay Jesus gives orders yes the the verb
for ordering here is just from taso right or tat depending on your
dialectical interests um and all it means is station your troops in
lines um so sunat so you know I'm going to give you
a command to do something thing and I have authority I'm a general or I'm a
you know somebody magistrate somebody with official power um and those that's
what the kids follow they follow him you have to realize that his followers
follow him as if he were a commander as if he were a commander okay
remember we're talking about leace the Le
face is the one who you have to meet force with Force these
gangs don't mess with them don't mess with
them yeah Force okay let's go to the next
one this is Matthew 21:10 and uh going into Jerusalem he shook the place up
baby he shook the place up that's what it says everybody's all what's the big
deal he comes in a town he's got bunch of the Boys From Galilee hanging around
him and people hosan Hosanna and you think in your mind no this is the
palms of the Sunday and we're going to have a oh and Jesus with his oh oh no they weren't it
wasn't my grandmother standing there um he had a crowd of kids they're
making a stir in the temple he's kicking tables
over yeah and what is he doing he's prohibiting something and I'm about to show you and that's where we're getting
into the drugs I can't wait I don't mean to yeah please go ahead Matthew 2111 and
the crowd did what they said this guy's a prophet because people were s making a big deal who's who is this what there's
a crowd freaking parade who is he he's Prophet they say he's
Jesus yeah and he's from Nazareth up in the Galilee I used to
wake up if you don't mind me indulging in our last season I used to wake up it
about 30 minutes before Sunrise yeah um and would go out maybe
be collecting chickens right and watch the
sunrise and we sat in an area that was kind of elevated Hills and
Jezreel just on the Northern side of the West Bank and we would I would look out
at Nazareth off in the distance you know you got the
Galilee and it's quite it's quite a beautiful it's quite a beautiful place I
dodged Rockets they had Rockets going over us too right this stuff going down
right all the stuff going down there just keeps going down yeah and so uh it was part part and
parel but I avoided it by riding a horse through the Jezreel Valley that's what I
did um to me that's the place because if you haven't been there if you don't know
you don't know um yeah anyway let's get back to the text here we're back at the
part what's the thing Jesus is prohibiting look what's happened the crowd they say this guy's a prophet he's
Jesus he's From Galilee next one yeah and um so yeah yeah yeah what did Jesus
do he kicks out everybody who is selling and those who were
buying right in the temple in the temple
itself and what does he do he overturns the places they got set up for people to
make change right and um you've seen this you know this great
episode I'm sure we've got a B bunch of pictures let me finish it though and what did he do he turned over the seats
of those who were selling what Tas
peras and we translate that as
Dove Dove and I want you to keep in mind give
me the next one please I want you to keep in mind that those doves are not always doves chewy go to the last go to
the last uh boom yeah thanks appreciate it Chey look at these
padis doves or priestesses at dodona these are oracular priestesses
and if you look down to that fourth line you see a little clue to the whole puzzle it's theion of
Ammon it's the Oracle of Ammon do you know where you find the doves you find the
doves at the Oracle of Amon don't you like that those of you
who pause it and go back and I know you do because you try to catch everything
um go and take a look at that and get the context of what's going on there um
these are priestesses and known Us in his Brilliance known Us in his Brilliance he brings us those Priestess
is oh we know we know
why they've got the tats what they've got the tats don't you
know these priestesses have the tats yeah you got a problem with that
it's on their limbs yeah um why would you have this
group inside a temple why would you have doves there for sacrifice
do you think they were keeping those pigeons out you think they had you think this is about pigeons people don't get
crucified over pigeons yeah let's go back to the next
text I forget where it was chewy will get us there thank you chewy and so yeah
and so he threw all these guys out and turned over the places the seats which
is really the what's going on is it's a locality where something is exercised in
this case your access to the priestesses and you say what there's no way that
they were doing that in the temple of Jerusalem yeah I got news for you I'm
about to show you the drugs they were using and may I remind you you of the
piety let me remind you that Mary mother of Jesus Christ was herself
[Music] 12 when she was led off to
Joseph yeah I know you want to talk about panta and all that
right I don't want to all I know is a pregnant 12-year-old girl who gets fed
in the temple becomes the mother of the Son of
God yeah wow you didn't know the temple was integral to it did
you if it wasn't Jesus wouldn't have tried to take it back right it's power it's power and I'm
about to let me let me let's keep going let's keep going people it's just this
is oh it burns a little bit doesn't it it's like oh I can feel it you suck that
air you smell that incense coming it's just me or I breathing incense out you
know what I mean that's what we're doing I saw a magic Ode to myr today that
would drive you all wild it was gorgeous it was absolutely ODed to
myrr myrr you make me feel so
sexy even when I don't want to that that's the ancient Ode to mer at
least first couple of lines it's in the PGM I don't
care h k yeah and it says isn't written you
know my house of prayer you turned it into a place for lace stone for the lace
stas right you're gonna what you've turned this place Into The
Grotto The Grotto look at that word Spade Lion The Grotto man you know what you do
at a grotto you worship pan you worship
pan uhuh uhhuh and you know what pan
does Pang gets my goat Pang gets my goat yes he does look at the sacred symbol
and what it means it's covering up the naughties so enjoy
thank you JY ah let's go on to the next text this
is fantastic is everybody in the right place and position oh no it's before
that before that boom yeah okay um so this is what it says in Mark 11:16 this
is while he's there and the kids are running around and everybody's like shut those kids up right and and he's like
kicking the money's flying right and he's like this is my place right he just
goes all out he goes all out hey I would do it and his kids are taking order and some of those kids are teenagers late
teenagers you know things could get things can get rough we know one of them
carries a fraking sword around every time you say the name St
Peter he's the sword carrying Punk of Jesus yeah yeah he's gets all swingy and
he's not a good trained guy right he's not a good he's not like a good you know
if they're Mafia it wouldn't be like a you know he he wouldn't make it through the ranks
because all he did was cut the guy's ear off can you imagine that you just cut you're supposed to protect me you cut a
dude's ear off let's keep going it's lovely yep
let's um no that last that last the verse from the Bible Mark 11:16 yeah and
he didn't allow for the situation to come about that someone could bring a
scalos through the
temple um all of your translations all of them we translate
this scos is merchandise but if for the for the chronic satanic initiation
people you know what a scalos is it was
what was at Jesus's feet when they dipped the sponge in
it and gave Jesus an antidote to the death drug that he had
taken death drug you mean he's going in he's going to The Grotto
he's going to The Grotto you know what else they called a grotto they called that place where the kid was being kept
in the Tomb he's crying out and Jesus is like he ain't dead this kid is coming
back to life right welcome to the world of drugs
what is the scalos that can't be allowed in the temple Jesus says we're not going
to do that here no more no no more what is it bring me up the definition this is
gorgeous people you're going to love this and I'll need this one blown up fantastic oh God look at this yeah so a
vessel a vessel but look it's also an Implement right it's an Implement huh
huh okay I I see farming implements sacred vessels uhoh look about four
lines in a druggist stores emphasis on sto
stores right a drug Us stores the things that you use within your craft and what
do you think the Divine Son of God healer Christ Christ is a pharmaceutical
term what do you think that Christ is using he's got a supply or a
store right and what does he order them to do to take it out take it down chewy
to take it out right the first thing he does is lay
down who juice gets the
service establishing his territory that's the kind of stuff that'll get you
killed yeah and you wonder why why do these people plot against
him right you thought he was going in there you thought he was going in there
being all altruistic and you know anti-g greed and whatnot didn't you no he's
setting the stage you translated that scw Wars along with King James I can
feel you you translated that scw Warf along with King James is merchandise but
as Alice just told you that's only in the
plural so you mean in the singular it is that
container of the thing that's being used for the whatever
the building is doing in this case the Holy Temple where we commune with God
and give drugs to little girls and then Lottery them
off to carry the Son of God wow that's crazy stuff man I wonder
if all that gold Jesus was given had something to do with that right I
wonder I wonder do you start an Enterprise when you're given a bunch of gold as a trust fund from a bunch of
druggies we call Magi do you start a trust fund what do you do you come into
town and you take over it's big time he's playing Jerusalem right there's a lot of people
there it's Backwater and a dump compared to Rome but you know hey he's playing it
he's playing it this is his time goes in town goes
into town and does This Thing Hosanna who's singing Hosanna I want to show you the kitties let's go to the next one
make sure you show me the kitties yeah and um and he said um isn't it written
yeah you've made my house anyway this is just the L stone back the L stone yeah that one there we go and I wanted to go
with this to the third bottom line I just want you to look at the word pin uh
excuse me Peno those hyro companions that's how
it's referring to his Apostles right his companions and we know that those can be
um prostitutes they can be um or they can be what you and I would call escorts
something like that something in that range but notice he uses an action an
adjective here Peno and that really means um with
discretion these are companions these are call
boys who act with discretion yeah okay thanks I appreciate
that um can we go into just a little bit of I need I can feel it we need a little bit of pey um thing go to the next one
please yeah go to the next one I just want you to see a couple of fragments here because some people were quoting
from the Bible it really got my goat today some people were quoting from the Bible big people on YouTube and they had
the gumption to talk about this gets my goat so much to talk about their knowledge of the Greek and all they had
to do all they had to do was say predicate and they lost their audience
then they're at a point where they can say whatever they want they can say whatever they want uncontrolled and we
congregation Satan are completely unprotected right unless we arm
ourselves with the tools that it takes this is what Omnia will offer arming
ourselves with the tools that it takes not to be lied
to but to cut to that purest of streams to keep that Muse sacred
that's what we're doing can you bring up the next I just
want to take us to a little fragment here to wash that terrible biblical
scholar stuff out of my brain um they're awful people it's deceptive it's worse
than you think people think oh well those poor Knuckleheads they just don't have the training that's true
but they spread things order to propagate
agendas that's dangerous man that's dangerous let's look at some fragments
here I want you to tell me is we're going to play a game Jesus or [Laughter]
Zeus je Jehovah or Heracles who son and whose
father okay are you ready for this look at this this is um um an Iraq an oracle
right um cilene Oracle if you'd like and I want you to
notice there is one God a
monarch ineffable living in The
Ether self-generated unseen but seeing
all that was the the that was take it down that was a free flow translation of
that now tell me who am I talking about now that we're in the temple and you've
seen what was there waiting for us and what Jesus is going to turn the place
into yeah yeah now you know we got to kill him we gotta crucify him dude we
got to get the Romans to do it right it was his thing and he knew it he kept
calling it saying they're going to come after me they're going to get me right
so it's a game he played his game and it went to where it did ironically
ironically he's getting the drugs even on the cross amazing amazing what those people
did here's another fragment this is that one God right and he rules alone right and I just want you to know
the second line just jump down the second line do you see Ponto CR there does wait a minute are we talking
about Jesus and Moses wait Jehovah Hercules Zeus
Jesus right we're talking about sons of God man just hang bear with me we're
talking about sons of God here this material that I'm reading to you is
orphic yeah oric and although it sounds exactly like
Christianity it predates Christianity by hundreds of years
hundreds of years yeah let's go let's go to the next
one here's here's a little fragment I wanted you to see um three lines
down right oh my God who is he he's the
monog St gpon he's the
one begotten the one
Ginos yeah the one who was being Aon cpon wait in the
colos in the cpos yes look at the parentheses these
German Scholars came up with in the early 1900s walks
mystica oh that was dietrix I think that was diet's um yeah yeah that wasn't kar's Kar goes
with the Vox Ora right but it's the same thing it's the same thing into your
culos Can you feel it can you feel that being in your
culos yeah um they're not saying what you think they're saying but for those
of you who are very Faithfully watched through all this through all of this um you you have those ears to hear
you're hearing these things so you know what that means right that Dark Harbor have you
gone there have you been there to the Dark Harbor
yeah yeah don't you w to go don't you want to go people do you know what we
have to offer we can take you into this Temple we can put you in into a death
State using an erotic drug right and then we can bring you out and
when you come out you will not be the same you will have gone to the furthest
reaches you will have gone through the Dark
Star yeah that's the physics to the actuality of which we are the reflection
that's how they ref ref to it not me and I know the guys that at um MIT are
saying something similar now right that we're the reflection through the Event
Horizon cool cool right whatever the physics and
how you describe them um this is what I can offer you people who
wants to join the mystery we don't care what your
philosophy is beforehand nope doesn't matter we don't care what You' studied or haven't
studied we don't care about any of that right all you've got to
do is walk through the initiation we'll get you there and you
will be born again you will be born again the only
way we're going to get there is through her cuz you have to have the Water of
Life do you understand you have to have the aqua Wei if you do not you cannot
bring somebody back from the dead and you say well here I am in the
temple here I am with the doves who were administering the oracular rights here I am with them what
do I do now what do I do now you've got got to have access to the
Water of Life you know and that Water of Life will bring you back bring it'll
resurrect you yeah and if you don't you'll die and remember Jesus is always
telling people right what's the Great Commission
I'm gonna give you the power I'm gonna give you the power to take up those
drugs and not to die do you know why we chase away death you
Christians socalled you weaklings you are not even a
fragment of what your ancestors were you're this that is what a
shame what a shame can you bring back the dead can
you raise the dead can you enter that snake
can you get that plague and come back no you can't you can't your master did he
was busy doing it all over the place with his troop of
boys you know let's go to the text this is sobering it's very sobering here's a
couple of little diddies I just wanted to show you I just want to look at line two I'm the head man I'm I am God am
Theos uranos Cosmos the Uranian take it down the
Uranian organization the Uranian
organization I Am The Godfather and the Uranian organization
is my head
can you say child trafficking pirate
yeahuh imagine that a mystery built around the
creation of the she the she who produces who is the
Medusa who produces the Water of Life that brings us back I I
can't um I had somebody send me a a response to a request for an
interview um that said look it's great stuff but can you tone it
down I cannot tone down the fact that the Bible says Jesus
Christ was arrested in a public park with a
naked boy at around 400 a.m. yeah I cannot tone that down you
guys don't want it tone down why would I start toning down stuff you know what
that'll tone up for me that's what ought to happen let's go tone up you know who
you are tone up yeah okay yeah um what is this the nymphs of the water the fire
is a fesus the grain is demer right and what is the war is Aries
yeah yeah that great sea that is posidon you know and what is I just wanted to
see afrod at the end what is she she's Ed she's what she's
peace take it down peace be unto
you you but originally it wasn't your priest who was
also getting in trouble for things they're doing it's not that
peace it's that peace that you can only get from Aphrodite you know it's why you marry
Aphrodite and Aries right because if you didn't nothing would
exist you know it's a Ancient Ancient
religion people that's what you get when you worship the gods ideas like that
right a little bit too scientific but whatever let's go to the next one here people we're loving it it's coming to a
it's coming to a conclusion I'm Zeus yeah he's the God of all yeah yeah yeah
yeah and what has he got he's castes he's
horned he's horned you mean the Hoops St is horned yeah that God on the high
places is horned so when you read that in septu and don't be surprised don't be surprised right and what is he doing
he's breathing out that Spirit he's whistling that Spirit into the world in
those voices those voices that are in the
air oh god seriously this is a little bit you want to see the Holy Spirit
right that Holy Spirit can whisper in your ear without you even without you even
being aware of his presence you know like sending a thought
imagine if I had a machine how much who would come to Omnia if I had a machine there that
could send your thoughts into another person's mind yeah now you understand the Mania
and why it's there there's a radiation a maddening
radiation that takes place during the operation of the mystery of
anomia that mystery of lawlessness
yeah yeah it's a purgation people it's a purgation let's go see the let's go see
the last couple more here oh you know what we're going to swear a bunch of O's and I just wanted you to see that Adonis
was in this whole group I just want to see I on let's keep going let's keep going people are getting tired it's
Thanksgiving Tomorrow People are gonna have a great time uh I bring you the
words of Evander Evander said and who's he oh he's the dude whose mother was
carmenta she was married to Hermes you say wait leave it you say she
was married to Hermes how does that happen what you think would you think
priestesses do why do you think we we pick them the way that we
do right it's the attraction we're just using the same magic of the universe
against them against those invisible Powers those authorities that's all
that's all and look carmenta she attracted her maze she
attracted her ma she Drew him down she Drew down that
star isn't that lovely isn't that lovely he's The Interpreter for everyone for
everyone that's what it says in the text you got to love that hermeneutics love it bring that yeah and what is a Vander
whose mother is carmenta the muse of the
Romans he's setting up a place on the Palatine Hill and establishing the lalia
that great Festival where we take every 13 to 16 year old male strip them nude
give them a whip and make them run through the city in a pack and anytime they come across somebody whom they
desire they hit him with that strap they hit him with that strap isn't that nice
they hit him with that strap the fact that we never do this gets my goat it does it gets my goat let's bring it back
let's bring it back are you kidding me yes yet no I'm not right who wants to join does anybody
want to join um okay everyone's got to be initiated who are the who are the forces of the
universe who control everything Evander says carmenta says through Evander right
um by the way they set up all the laws around them too right this family they're kind of like they they're
credited also with bringing the alphabet that the Hut
dwelling I'm sorry the Romans in all their Glory at this time we're living in
Huts which is not that makes me sound like it's I'm discriminating against Huts I suppose but if the Romans from
the first century could see the Romans then they could look at each other look at each other's buildings the old Romans
Hut dwellers would be quite impressed with the achievements that their ancestors were able to do by the way if
anybody knows the sacred name of Rome Now's the Time to bring it up none of you know none of you no nobody let's
go okay um no let's go to the eight forces the eight forces are what let's
just look what he says here H um fire water Earth um what's after
that uron Uranus is one of those Powers salel is one of those Powers the moon
Helios the sun is one of those powers NTA Knight is one of those powers and
what's the one I skipped over methon methon who is
Mithra Mithra who is
Mithra now the Assyrians at this time this is written it's not referring
geographically to what you and I might say is Assyrian it's referring to
caldian stop referring to calan blow it up for
me boom um and so the calans are the
Magi they call Aphrodite mulita the
arabo the Arabians call Aphrodite
iot right and what are the Persians they call her Mitra Mitra
MRA this is who is one of the Eight Powers do you understand what they're
doing at the Oracle of Amon you yeah okay let's go there's a
lot of clues in that one okay you've indulged me let's let's give your
exactly your times were the next one boom and uh so I'm going to take you back to Revelation and I'm just I want
us to know that we're still in the temple we're still in the temple remember when is the end when the
abomination of desolation it's a very specific Abomination right when that functions in
the temple when you and I specifically the text says when you and I see the
abomination of desolation in the temple then we know
okay I'm going to this is the welcome abomination of desolation applause
applause look what happens went out to the angel and he said to him give me the
give me the little bookie the little bookie the scrolly scroll you know what
I'm talking about because who are the oh I forgot okay people if we're at this party take it down if we're at this
party in Antiquity and we want drugs who's going to be giving us the drugs
right it's not the guy at the top you don't go to the guy at the top for the drugs you go to the
Distributors those who carry out the Kingdom and who are
these call them Angels unoy it's always the Angels getting people high do you
know why nobody understands the apocalypse or the Revelation until
today is because nobody looks at it like a scientist nobody looks just says hey
what is all what are all these drug references you know those wheels that are Greek words the tros in Revelation
those are not Wheels those are drugs it's a pill you can put it in your
rectum or you can put it in a cup of wine and dissolve it either way right up
or down they're purging up and down down all the time if you have a thing about that I'm sorry but it's ancient medicine
let's go to the text bring him the text love it yes just hit us yeah and so he
goes to this Angel he says give me that little book do you know why you can put a scroll in your mouth and Antiquity and
get high do you know why because the dyes that they're using are high dyes
they're dies that we have P um formula for we have formula for and they're dyes
that are meant to be used in the case of inducing Visions so it's a
compound right it's a compound again they're using a psychotropic compound
you can lick the scroll you put it in your mouth
you ever put a scroll in your mouth that was covered with psychotropic dyes oh wow not saying the die was
psychotropic I'm saying they developed a psychotropic compound and then used it
as a die yes of course if it's got the purple in it right you're in good shape lick those
letters right off the page put it into your mouth and the Angel's like come here
son right come here here break those seals you know what it
means to break a seal it means to put it and you wreck them where's the whip no we don't have
time for the whip go to the go to the next quick we've got to hurry it's
already the hour pass Devil's going to be very upset and so he took it from the hand of that drug dealing Messenger
right and he ate it and what happened when it was M when it was in his mouth it was all sweet right but after he ate
it when he swallowed it down what happened it made his
bowels move huh huh some people will say it
made them bitter yeah this is the time the
victorians don't help yeah so look people the drugs they're using they'll get you going they'll get you going and
John's got to have all his vision right he's got to have all his vision from what's gonna happen Angel tell me let me
see it here I'm sitting look Alan you brought me to tonight to this awful
party at the Temple of Jerusalem look what's going to happen there's what a third of the people they
died from the
plagues they died and where did they die from E
toos from the smoke and to capu from I'm sorry from the fire and from the capu
from the smoke and from the theu from the
brimstone the sulfur do you remember what Jesus had in his mouth when he was all licky licky tongy tongy spitty
spitty in your mouth do you remember what he what it smelled like what was his breath like were you there with
Jesus when you smelled his breath yes you were and it smelled like sulfur which was ative they're using it
all the time dude is on so much you don't know right this guy is so
stoned right this dude is forever permanently altered into somebody who
can see into the Beyond I'm talking he's a Son of God you're not going to get
anywhere close no matter how much you chase him right oh God do you know when
the Midwife came into Mary the mother of Jesus she stuck her two
fingers inside of her to palpate because she's Midwife that's her job and
um burned her hand really bad pulled it out and said nope no Mary was a
virgin Mary was a virgin but she was being fed in the temple in the temple
you know you know who the doves are you know who the doves are now I can give
you access to those doves and they will give you the Water of
Life if you're nice fetch me a bucket of
water Gangsta G is back let's go let's go okay I'm sorry this is so much fun
though yeah okay and so he saw the horses oh God this is just the horses and the people sitting on them I just
want you to notice that they've got breastplates that are kind of this flame thing and hin you know and
sulfuric weight yeah the armor people it's different times and what do they do
their heads they horses got heads like Lion right what comes out of their mouth
look at that last line Second and last line poor at the endos PO fire you know what comes out of
your mouth you know what comes out of your mouth when you become one of us po
fire like those bronze bows did you think those dragons were dragons no
they're people and what comes out of your mouth fire and smoke and
sulfur fire and smoke and sulfur now why would you be doing this because we're in
a cult baby the fifth angel he goes into his he's going off baby it's a new act
where at the party's new and I saw a star fall from uranos to the gain to the
ground and and what was given to the star was given to him the CL
key the key of that dungeon of the
Abyss yeah okay people I give you the
key Peter I give you the key and why are
we doing this because we at Omnia are going to make death disa here it's the
greatest magic trick ever and how are we going to do that contrary to what you
might intuitively think you got to run straight into it we
got to send you into death to deprive you of your fear of
it yeah Isn't that cool Isn't that
cool oh God I love it let's go back to the text okay a little bit crazy creepy
on the cryp ometer it was a little bit up there but look people and in these
days people will seek after death and they will not find
him they won't find Death they'll really desire to
die and death will flee from them do you
want to know when that abomination of desolation enters the temple do you want
to know what will happen death will
flee yeah I am the
way I am the life right what does that Son of God do
are you talking Hercules yes are you talking Jesus yes
they put push off death they wrestle
death yeah wow wow you mean all of that for a paternal God who doesn't recognize
the great mother right we all know that she's above everybody else that's the difference between the orix and the
Christianity the orix recognize the great mother Christianity
didn't right and you think well it's just the way things happened and you
know God there's just a man God because that's the universe we live in that was created 6,000 years ago and there's this
man God and there's no woman God there's no mother I mean logically there's a God the father right there's got to be a God
the father but there is no God the mother absolutely not well the oric said
absolutely and it turns out that she is the origin of everything even your man
God you mean a father God has a mother yeah it's basic logic people
what's wrong with you orphism is just physics basic logic yeah use it let's do
it they love this stuff let's go we're almost done I've helped people way too long um yeah so a bunch of people died
from these Street plagues yeah fire we've seen that one let's keep going down let's keep going down um sting
people play eggs are sting remember that thorn that Paul got in the flesh right
we're doing that in the temple right we're doing that in the
temple good and um they look these people are not going to change their ways man they're not going to Stop The
Killing they're not going to stop the drug use they're not going to stop the
porna right okay all right if that's the way
it's got to go down and what are they what is here here's a drug dealer what does he have he has in his hand that
little book right and it's sitting there open that scroll is rolled out and what
does he do he takes his foot and he puts it on the right his right foot right on
the on the sea and then he takes his El onum on foot now we we say right and
left um they said right and the good name yeah the good names
yeah because they didn't want to say left right in a Sinister sort of way so
the good named he put on the land on the land and you ask yourself what is going
on here didn't you know there's ways that you function when you're an angel who is Distributing drugs for people to
have visions didn't you know that there's a way to
function yeah yeah there is yeah and it
turns out these magic rights are just they're all over the the book of the
Apocalypse is nothing but a giant magical
operation yeah yeah one foot in the sea one the land who else does that the
Beast that bears her up that brings you lady Babylon stands partially in the
water part partially on the earth okay for those of you who have
ears to hear and you know water and Earth you
know what the physics of that are right go get your boy go get your
boy at necromance yeah necromance right you want to see the
future here we go let's do it yeah and having uh next one yep and
he shouted right what what's a lot of these shouts people you got to get used
to this if you don't like shouting don't become a bonan don't become the Savior
right and he shouted out in his grace voice as if it was a lion as if he was a
lion um bellowing mukat something like bellowing yeah um bulls do this too by
the way um and when he shouted the seven
Thunders spoke their
voices the seven Thunder okay wait finally it's working okay mine's working
but everybody know that it just kicked in and mind's working how do you know
when your cult drug kicks in in Antiquity when you can hear the seven
thunderings the voices the voices can you hear the voices in
the airrow we just showed you how they're transmitted right okay fantastic you
guys didn't know the apocalypse was all about drugs you did you did let's go put
the pedal down what's that chewy is trying to tell me hit something do you want me to hit something with the whip
or people requesting the whip I've got maybe I've got this thing I don't know what this
is should I here tonight we'll have a
special um okay who Bible scholars get with Bible scholars get over here get
over here you seminarians sit next to Y sit there next to you you know what I'm
gonna give you you're gonna tell me about Jesus or I'm gonna give you this did you hear me did you hear me oh
I love that look on your face I love it I need something to it still is not as gratifying you know
what I mean it's not as gratifying even that sheer even that Bible scholar
Purity that leeches out of [Music] them even the complete disappearance of
this with the um Assumption of fear Panic even
that even that is pleasing to the human soul you know in the vill of the Mysteries where they illustrate the
bakic rights you realize it's people who are not wearing clothing who are being
beaten yeah being beaten they're winged women right and there's beatings going
on yeah why would you I knew there was a reason I knew there was a reason to the
cut cut cutting I knew there was right it's a purgation and they're picking it
up in antiquity and they're helping people out mentally they are mentally healing people with these purgations
that induce Mania Mania Purge your system how do you get
rid of that depression right you purge your system yeah hit the restart button baby
love it let's go to the next one anybody got any sulfur yeah and he's about to write
down because he's knows right what do prophets do they have visions and they
write them down look at well how many texts do we have to have of this they have visions and they write them down
but then the voice voice tells them it says and it's straight out of uranos
straight out of os and it tells them hey you stop writing right don't write down
stuff down you can't you can't give what the voices are giving you right oh my
god seriously we're almost done and we come to re uh Revelation
9:20 yeah yeah yeah yeah
um what's everybody G to end up doing on the fourth line end the third line
hna May prusin oh we're g to end up
proing we're going to end up bowing to the damonia and to the adola to the demons
into the idols those images those images that's what lady
Babylon is going to bring us right and remember the scos it's full of the stuff
the stuff that averts death right that's what is in the sponge
last one yeah and there's the ples I wanted you to see tonight go ahead and take it
down I wanted you guys to see tonight A really clear portrait of how the ancient
mystery cult is harnessing the power of
drugs the power of the pharmacos the power of the
Magus the power of the Son of God the power of the
Savior how were harnessing those things through a
scos those baskets those holy baskets they're full of it they're full of
it okay so
Jesus Takes Over for a short period of time and I had um I have if you check
the I forget about it now to you but if you check check the um the gospel
sources you'll find that it's children it says couple of times it even has a
verse we may have skipped it but it puts the children in the age in the age of
kids who were still being nursed that's the youngest from the Nur up to the
napos the the imbeciles when did they think that a child was an imbecile in
Antiquity when they weren't quiet the level of mental competence that's okay
CH don't worry about they weren't at the level of mental competence um yet so
these are pre-teens right these are pre-teens and these are the people who are
surrounding Jesus saying hosana in the highest and you'll notice that in the text it's very strange it's like wait
what the kids are there shouting yeah says the kids
are there shouting yeah maybe that's what let's try it no I
don't yeah yeah okay okay okay okay very nice Olivia oh excuse me I mean very
nice chewy get out of here I'm gonna blow you
away like what's his name that guy right that was an evil spirit I was it was
kicking out of the house okay come on people I can play around too mat Matthew
21:15 look at this chewy nice job and seeing the the arch priests right seeing
these things and the scribes seeing these thasia the wondrous
things which happened and what topid US and the
children the children P us can't be anything but a child the children
screaming in the temple saying hosan in the highest now
you know why the crowds came out and said what WTF man who is this dude and
all the kids are yelling he's a prophet and you know who his discreet 12 were
you know who his discreet apostles were they were the boys from Galilee they
were the boys from Galilee Jesus was taking over territory he was breaking
bed and and it ended up costing him it was an expensive maneuver and when he is
arrested finally when Justice hammers down on top of him when
he's arrested he's arrested in a public park with a naked kid if somebody out
there please come join Omnia and direct Direct
a documentary film that shows
Jesus being arrested in a public park with a naked boy yelling I'm not a
trafficker yeah yeah you see what Jesus was doing he was taking over the
operation right and he knew it he knew he was going to get stuck with it because the Romans they didn't deal with
those people well they were armed and dangerous
right right put away put away the fairy tale Peter's walking around with
something he's ready to stab you with yeah yeah and he's also naked on a
boat with a bunch of children at night and when he sees Jesus in the morning
has to put his clothes on
yeah it's that can we just flash up to to finish off can we just flash up that
last the very first um yep please come back to this with me people and
realize nonas is saying that thing that they put up for Jesus to drink from that
was the antidote to that Vision inducing sacred
communion yeah it was the antidote they may have brought him out of it they may
have brought him out of it yeah as is they his um he ended up not
getting his legs broken anyway I think that's pretty good part of the deal if they had just been able to get to him
right how many people had he revived in this process right so would have been easy
would have been easy and you know what do you think Mary was doing right Mary Magdalene I'm talking
right oh God behold your mother at least he looked at the little boy that sat on
his lap remember and came up to his breast John the one that he loved right
at least he gave that little kid to his virgin mother who strangely enough was
only 12 years older than Jesus so when you see Jesus on the cross and Mary you
might think their brother and sister you might thank you for coming tonight it's
been my honor we progress on to Friday's introduction to Omron and I'm
especially looking forward to this there's going to be a lot there's there's going to be a lot of Carnage um
but we enjoy that kind of thing and I enjoy you and your company thank you very much for coming tonight thank you
for all of your time hail Satan you never cared for pay and
Fortune oh worldly reown on the day that it came an
AR you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name oh
way love why did you ever change your
[Music]
name